Add change local on-the-fly sample (#2451)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: samples/22.customization-change-locale/README.md

# Sample - Change locale

This sample shows bot can send activity to change locale on Web Chat.

# Test out the hosted sample

-  [Try out MockBot](https://microsoft.github.io/BotFramework-WebChat/22.customization-change-locale)

# How to run

-  Fork this repository
-  Navigate to `/Your-Local-WebChat/samples/22.customization-change-locale` in command line
-  Run `npx serve`
-  Browse to [http://localhost:5000/](http://localhost:5000/)

# Things to try out

-  Type `echo ja-JP` to the bot
  -  You can also change to `en-US` and `zh-HK`

# Code

> Jump to [completed code](#completed-code) to see the end-result `index.html`.

## Overview

> Note: this sample is based from [`03.a.host-with-react`](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/master/samples/03.a.host-with-react).

> First, we will create a new `<App>` component that house Web Chat, and render the `<App>` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, we will create a new `<App>` component that houses Web Chat, and render the `<App>` component.
```

```diff
+ const { createDirectLine, ReactWebChat } = window.WebChat;
+
+ const App = () => {
+   const directLine = useMemo(() => createDirectLine({ token }), []);
+
+   return (
+     <ReactWebChat directLine={directLine} />
+   );
+ };

  window.ReactDOM.render(
-   <ReactWebChat directLine={window.WebChat.createDirectLine({ token })} />,
+   <App />,
    document.getElementById('webchat')
  );
```

> Then, we will add locale to the `<App>` component, default to browser language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, we will add a locale to the `<App>` component, defaulting to browser's language.
```
